I think I'm really on the right the
right track now. And I and I want to
share with everybody what I'm doing
because the results happen real quick.
[music]
Hi, my name is John Jish. I'm a doctor
of biomedical engineering. It gives me a
unique perspective beyond what a lot of
the sports scientists talk about on
social media.
I have a different take on nutrition
than a lot of the nutrition
professionals who I think have been led
down the wrong path by industry, the
snack food industry. I get questions all
the time. What is what does Dr. Jay eat?
That's changed from time to time. I've
run some slightly different experiments,
but I I think I'm really on the right
the right track now. And I and I want to
share with everybody what I'm doing
because the results happen real quick.
There are days where I am more focused
on burning body fat than I am on gaining
musculature. So there's really two
diets. I I mean I suppose you could call
them the cutting and bulking diet, but
not really. It's sort of the cutting and
normal diet because it's tough
recomposing the body. you can with a
protein surplus and a calorie deficit at
the same time. It's just tough. So he
and by [snorts] tough I mean the results
are lackluster and um you're also living
a life of extreme difficulty. So
here's how I do it. Now, there's going
to be some science that I'm going to
talk about, but some of it is just kind
of my opinion because I mean, obviously,
if I say one thing is easier than
another,
there's not going to be any research on
a subjective measure like easier or
harder. But I can I can certainly
comment on what has been something I
could stick to and most importantly,
what X3 customers could stick to. I'll
get started on this. When I am cutting,
when I'm trying to draw body fat, I
believe it is your absolute imperative
to get the body fat off you as quickly
as possible because you're not really in
an anabolic phase. You you want to strip
off the body fat so you can see what's
underneath. And uh this is this is
something that if you spend less time
doing it and make that time more
effective,
you're going to be a much happier person
because then you'll spend more days
eating the proper amount of nutritious
food. And when you eat the proper amount
of nutritious food, you're going to grow
muscle, you're going to stay lean, and
uh then you won't have to worry so much
about the dieting. Many bodybuilders
have told me that they feel like their
contest prep is the most wasted time of
their life because they see muscle
shrinking, not growing,
and that comes from small calorie
deficit carried on for very long periods
of time. I don't recommend that. Now,
I'm also not a competitive bodybuilder.
So, if you want to be a competitive
bodybuilder, you probably should see a
coach that's specific about this.
However, the coaches that I talk to on a
regular basis do it much more like I do
it. Uh maybe that's why they like me.
Here's what I do on a normal day where
I'm I'm going to work out. I'm more
focused on building than anything. I'm
going to have three doses of Foraggen
in the morning. Uh that's pretty much,
you know, I wake up, use the restroom,
and then my my second thing is I make
about a liter of hot water and I put uh
10 g of creatine and three doses of
fortigen and I mix that up in warm
water. All right. I use the chocolate
raspberry. So, it kind of tastes like a
hot chocolate. And then I kind of slowly
drink that while I just get ready
for the morning. Then I have a second
drink just like that. Another 10 grams
of creatine and another three doses of
in maybe mid afternoon like 4:00 when I
get home. When I get home from work,
then I have a big dinner, maybe two
pounds of ribeye. Uh I also like
liverwurst, so I might have 4 ounces of
liver. Uh I like bone marrow,
but basic and you know, bone marrow and
liverwor are kind of like a side thing.
You don't have a meal out of those
things. Maybe 2500 calories. I think in
all the muscle I've put on,
the most calories I've ever eaten was
maintenance, meaning I didn't go into
calorie surplus. Uh, with the exception
of one experiment I ran for about 2
months where I was eating more of type
of carnivore type program at a surplus
and it gave me some great muscular gain
results, but I did put on some body fat
while I was doing that. So, uh, not not
particularly recommended. I like this
way better. Now, on the days where I'm
trying to drop some body fat, they are
exactly the same except I just don't eat
dinner. So,
six doses of foragen, 20 total grams of
creatine in those two drinks, and then
when it comes to dinner time, I just
don't eat anything. So, basically,
that's 24 calories
in a day. And so you'd call it a protein
sparing modified fast because that's 300
g of protein with the fortigen, but
these don't really count as calories
because they're only fragments of
proteins. So it's not a complete
complete nutrient. You give the body the
essential amino acids and then it
assembles the complete protein by
grabbing the other amino acids from
other things going on in the body, scar
tissue, fat cells, any old cell can be
metabolized. So, this increases the rate
of autophagy. There's there's a great
study I'll put up for you on uh how
essential amino acids will actually get
you into a deeper level of autophagy,
meaning cellular recycling. So, you
know, when last couple years people were
like, "Wow, it looks like you're getting
younger." Yeah. I mean, I'm not. Thanks.
But
I look younger from this process. Here's
here's another example. There's a scar
here on my chin I got from a motorcycle
crash when I was uh I think I was 14
years old. I was riding a dirt bike
without a helmet like an idiot on a uh
on a trail that was covered with pine
needles. Now, you've ever driven over
pine needles. Pine needles are like
grease under a tire. And so I lost
control of the bike and landed. A rock
kind of hit me in the chin. And I had
had a scar
under the edge of my chin that was maybe
as thick as
like a piece of copper wire. Like a
thick piece of copper wire. So it really
felt like something in there. But now
after all this autophagy, the scar has
been metabolized from the inside. So
it's almost gone. My fraternity letters
were branded in my arm when I was 20 and
you can barely see them now because now
they were raised. I mean this said
signify epsilon very obviously. You can
barely see it now because from the
inside the body has been metabolizing
these old cells. So that's absolutely
anti-aging by any definition. Uh because
the same thing is happening in my
organs. the same thing is happening
basically in most systems of the body
aside from the brain. So that's an
anti-aging effect and this nutrition
program
really gets me the most of that while at
the same time minimizing all the
downsides. And also the days that I do
just six doses of Foraggen, I I
typically do that a week at a time. And
in that week, I will take 1 milligram of
GLP3, which is a micro dose of GLP3. So
I've done a protein sparing modified
fast using only foragen without the
appetite suppression of a GLP. It's 8
out of 10 difficulty. If I take one
milligram, a micro dose of GLP3 during
the week that I want to drop as much
body fat as possible, that eight out of
10 becomes a two out of 10. I think if
you want to do something similar to
that, wow, you're going to be pretty
happy with the results and you're not
going to suffer. Cuz that's that's the
thing. Like anything that involves a lot
of suffering, like willpower is a very
depletable resource. It's renewable, but
it's depletable. And if you can just
take the edge off of that with that
micro dose of GLP, man, you're going to
do fantastic. I hope this helped. If you
disagree with me, please mention in the
comments. I'll see you on the next one.
If this video helped you, I want you to
subscribe and follow. I'm going to put
out videos on a regular basis. I think
they're going to help a whole lot of
people, especially if you're one of
those people that doesn't just instantly
grow from lifting regular weights.
[music] We've got the answer for you.